Update ATR Group export doc + BDE link (#556)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: features_and_tools/bulkdataexport.rst

This will create an instance level export task. For each Patient in the Group, the task will export all resources included in the Patient Compartment in the Firely Server database to an .ndjson file per resourcetype.

.. note:: 
  For now we only support inclusion in a Group export through Group.member.

>   A group member will be excluded from the export if and only if it is marked as inactive (`Group.member.inactive = true`) or not active currently (based on `Group.member.period`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A group member will be excluded from the export if and only if it is marked as inactive (`Group.member.inactive = true`) or has a flag indicating that it previously belonged to the group (based on `Group.member.period`).
```
